and that's why no matter what mommy says
we really were on a break I guess we
were because we were here gorgeous oh
look at you you are the cutest little
baby ever you're just a little bitty
baby and all that but you've got you've
got big beautiful eyes yes you do enter
and a big round belly big baby but I
like big butts I like big butts and I
cannot lie
you know the brothers can't deny when
the girl walks in with an itty bitty
waist and a round thing in your face you
get oh my god Emma you're nothing oh my
god you've never done it before I have
you never done that before daddy made
you laugh huh yeah well daddy and sir
mix-a-lot
what what you want to hear some more
um but anaconda don't want none unless
you got buns hon I'm a terrible father
hi I just finished getting Phoebe all
dressed to meet Mike's parents she's so
nervous it's so sweet
guess what I made Emma laugh today you
what and I missed it because I was
giving a makeover to that stupid hippie
yeah it was it was like a real little
person laugh too
it was like um only only not creepy well
what did you do to make her laugh
I am well I sang actually I rapped ah
baby got back you what you sang to our
baby daughter a song about a guy who
likes to have sex with women with giant
asses but you know what if you think
about it it actually promotes a healthy
body image because even big butts or
juicy doubles are
please don't take her away from me all
right sweetheart
this is only because I love you so much
and I know that you're not gonna tell
anybody I like big butts and I cannot
lie you other brothers can't deny when a
girl walks in with an itty bitty waist
and a round thing in your face yes yes
oh I like big butts and I can't really
do like big butts to you oh you
beautiful little weirdo oh he was
laughing oh it was amazing it was
amazing it was the most beautiful
beautiful cell I know isn't it
Oh what'd you do to get her to laugh oh
you know I just a couple of things I
tried different sang a little dough itsy
bitsy spider you saying baby got back
didn't you
nothing else worked that girl is all
about the ass
she's sweat wet got it going like a
turbo vet Ellis yeah
fellas yeah how'd your girlfriend got
the bus so shake it should it can shake
it
baby got back one more time from the top
I like big buck that I cannot lie
Rachel please that is so inappropriate